Start Date
End Date
Recipient Last Name
Recipient First Name
Recipient Email
Distribution Channel
What is your preferred language?\n\n(¿Cuál es su idioma preferido?)
Please enter the patient's MRN: [Field-MRN]
What is your first name? [Field-RecipientFirstName]
What is your last name? [Field-RecipientLastName]
What is your date of birth? [Field-Date%20of%20Birth]
Are you male or female?
Are you completing this survey at home or at the UCLA Spine Center?
Is this your first visit at the UCLA Spine Clinic?
Have you had spine surgery since your last visit?
Please enter the date of surgery: (Please click on the month and the year to select the correct date of your surgery)
We'd like to follow up with you to see how you are recovering post-surgery. Please provide your email address below.
Which of the following is the main reason for your visit today?
Please specify your ethnicity. - Selected Choice
Please specify your ethnicity. - Other - Text
Do you have or have you ever been diagnosed with the following Cardiovascular conditions? - Chest pain or pressure
Do you have or have you ever been diagnosed with the following Cardiovascular conditions? - Poor circulation
Do you have or have you ever been diagnosed with the following Cardiovascular conditions? - Shortness of breath
Do you have or have you ever been diagnosed with the following Cardiovascular conditions? - Arrhythmia or palpitations
Do you have or have you ever been diagnosed with the following Cardiovascular conditions? - Coronary artery disease
Do you have or have you ever been diagnosed with the following Cardiovascular conditions? - Congestive heart failure
Do you have or have you ever been diagnosed with the following Cardiovascular conditions? - None of these
Do you have or have you ever been diagnosed with the following Bone conditions? - Osteopenia
Do you have or have you ever been diagnosed with the following Bone conditions? - Osteoporosis
Do you have or have you ever been diagnosed with the following Bone conditions? - Suffered a bone fracture
Do you have or have you ever been diagnosed with the following Bone conditions? - None of these
Do you smoke cigarettes?
How many packs per day? - Packs
How many years have you smoked cigarettes?
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Leg
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Thigh
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Thigh
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Foot
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Foot
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Leg
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Arm
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Forearm
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Forearm
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Thoracic
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Anterior head
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Arm
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Hand
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Hand
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Lumbar
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Lumbar2
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Cervical
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Thoracic3
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Arm4
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Forearm5
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Hand6
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Arm7
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Forearm8
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Hand9
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Thigh10
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Leg11
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Foot12
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Thigh13
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Leg14
Please indicate the location(s) of your pain on the diagram below (Select up to 10 locations). If you are not in any pain, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Foot15
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Leg
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Thigh
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Thigh
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Foot
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Foot
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Leg
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Arm
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Forearm
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Forearm
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Thoracic
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Anterior head
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Arm
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Hand
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Hand
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Lumbar
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Lumbar16
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Cervical
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Thoracic17
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Arm18
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Forearm19
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Hand20
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Arm21
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Forearm22
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Hand23
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Thigh24
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Leg25
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Right Foot26
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Thigh27
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Leg28
Please indicate the location(s) of your numbness/tingling on the diagram below(Select up to 10 locations). If you do not have any numbness/tingling, simply press the "Next" button. - Left Foot29
How severe is your pain today?\n\n(0 = no pain; 10 = worst possible pain) - Pain Intensity
Please select the statement that best describes your MOBILITY today.
Please select the statement that best describes your SELF-CARE today.
Please select the statement that best describes your USUAL ACTIVITIES (e.g. work, study, housework, family or leisure activities) today.
Please select the statement that best describes your PAIN/DISCOMFORT today.
Please select the statement that best describes your ANXIETY/DEPRESSION today.
Your health TODAY is:\n\n(Remember: 0 = the worst health you can imagine; 100 = the best health you can imagine.) - Health Level
Pain Intensity
Personal Care (washing, dressing, etc.)
Lifting
Walking
Sitting
Standing
Sleeping
Sex Life
Social
Travelling
In general, would you say your health is:
Does your health now limit you to doing moderate activities, such as moving a table, pushing a vacuum cleaner, bowling, or playing golf?
Does your health now limit you while climbing several flights of stairs?
During the past 4 weeks, have you accomplished less than you would like in your work or other activities as a result of your physical health?
During the past 4 weeks, were you limited to the kind of work or other activities as a result of your physical health?
During the past 4 weeks, have you accomplished less than you would like in your work or other activities as a result of your emotional problems (such as feeling depressed or anxious)?
During the past 4 weeks, have you performed work or activities less carefully than usual, as a result of your emotional problems?
During the past 4 weeks, how much did pain interfere with your normal work (including both work outside the home and housework)?
How much of the time during the past 4 weeks have you felt calm and peaceful?
How much of the time during the past 4 weeks did you have a lot of energy?
How much of the time during the past 4 weeks have you felt downhearted and blue?
During the past four weeks, how much of the time has your physical health or emotional problems interfered with social activities (e.g. visiting with friends/relatives, etc.)?
Have you already had surgery?
Which one of the following best describes the amount of pain you have experienced during the past 6 months?
Which one of the following best describes the amount of pain you have experienced over the last month?
During the past 6 months, have you been a very nervous person?
If you had to spend the rest of your life with your back shape as it is right now, how would you feel about it?
What is your current level of activity?
How do you look in clothes?
In the past 6 months, have you felt so down in the dumps that nothing could cheer you up?
Do you experience back pain when at rest?
What is your current level of work / school activity?
Which of the following best describes the appearance of your trunk; defined as the human body except for the head and extremities?
Which one of the following best describes your medication usage for your back? - Selected Choice
Which one of the following best describes your medication usage for your back? - Other medication type and usage (Weekly or less or Daily) - Text
Does your back limit your ability to do things around the house?
Have you felt calm and peaceful during the past 6 months?
Do you feel that your back condition affects your personal relationships?
Are you and/or your family experiencing financial difficulties because of your back?
In the past 6 months have you felt down hearted and blue?
In the last 3 months have you taken any sick days from work/school due to back pain and if so how many?
Do you go out more or less than your friends?
Do you feel attractive with your current back condition?
Have you been a happy person during the past 6 months?
Are you satisfied with the results of your back management?
Would you have the same management again if you had the same condition?​
On a scale of 1 to 9, with 1 being very low and 9 being extremely high, how would you rate your self image?
Compared with before treatment, how do you feel you now look?
Has your back treatment changed your function and daily activity?
Has your back treatment changed your ability to enjoy sports/hobbies?
Has your back treatment (Increased/Not changed/Decreased) your back pain?
Has your treatment changed your confidence in personal relationships with others?
Has your treatment changed the way others view you?
Has your treatment changed your self-image.
Pain Intensity30
Personal Care (washing, dressing, etc.)31
Lifting32
Reading
Headaches
Concentration
Work
Driving
Sleeping33
Recreation
Por favor inserte el identificador del paciente (MRN): [Field-MRN]
¿Cuál es su Nombre? [Field-RecipientFirstName]
¿Cuál es su Apellido? [Field-RecipientLastName]
¿Cuál es su fecha de nacimiento? [Field-Date%20Of%20Birth]
¿Es usted hombre o mujer?
¿Está completando este cuestionario en casa o en UCLA Spine Center?
¿Es esta su primera visita a la UCLA Spine Clinic?
¿Ha tenido cirugía de columna vertebral desde su última visita?
Por favor inserte la fecha de la cirugía: (Por favor haga clic en el mes y el año para seleccionar la fecha correcta de su cirugía)
Nos gustaría ver cómo se está recuperando después de la cirugía. Por favor, indique su dirección de correo electrónico aquí:
¿Cuál es la razón principal de su visita a nuestra clínica hoy?
¿Ha sido diagnosticado(a) con alguna de las siguientes condiciones Cardiovasculares? - Dolor de pecho
¿Ha sido diagnosticado(a) con alguna de las siguientes condiciones Cardiovasculares? - Mala circulación
¿Ha sido diagnosticado(a) con alguna de las siguientes condiciones Cardiovasculares? - Falta de aliento 
¿Ha sido diagnosticado(a) con alguna de las siguientes condiciones Cardiovasculares? - Arritmia o palpitaciones
¿Ha sido diagnosticado(a) con alguna de las siguientes condiciones Cardiovasculares? - Cardiopatía isquémica
¿Ha sido diagnosticado(a) con alguna de las siguientes condiciones Cardiovasculares? -  La insuficiencia cardíaca congestiva
¿Ha sido diagnosticado(a) con alguna de las siguientes condiciones Cardiovasculares? - No he sido disgnosticado(a) con ninguna de las condiciones presentadas
¿Ha sido diagnosticado(a) con alguna de las siguientes condiciones de Hueso? - Osteopenia
¿Ha sido diagnosticado(a) con alguna de las siguientes condiciones de Hueso? - Osteoporosis
¿Ha sido diagnosticado(a) con alguna de las siguientes condiciones de Hueso? - Sufrió una fractura de hueso
¿Ha sido diagnosticado(a) con alguna de las siguientes condiciones de Hueso? - No he sido disgnosticado(a) con ninguna de las condiciones presentadas
¿Fuma cigarrillos?
¿Cuántos paquetes al día? - Paquetes
¿Cuántos años ha fumado cigarrillos?
Marque en la escala de abajo el número que mejor describa la intensidad de su dolor durante el día de hoy. (0 = Sin dolor; 10 = Demasiado dolor) - Dolor
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Leg
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Thigh
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Thigh
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Foot
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Foot
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Leg
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Arm
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Forearm
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Forearm
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Thoracic
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Anterior head
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Arm
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Hand
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Hand
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Lumbar
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Lumbar34
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Cervical
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Thoracic35
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Arm36
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Forearm37
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Hand38
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Arm39
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Forearm40
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Hand41
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Thigh42
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Leg43
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Right Foot44
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Thigh45
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Leg46
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente dolor (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente dolor, simplemente presione el botón "Next". - Left Foot47
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Leg
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Thigh
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Thigh
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Foot
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Foot
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Leg
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Arm
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Forearm
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Forearm
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Thoracic
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Anterior head
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Arm
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Hand
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Hand
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Lumbar
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Lumbar48
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Cervical
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Thoracic49
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Arm50
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Forearm51
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Hand52
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Arm53
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Forearm54
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Hand55
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Thigh56
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Leg57
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Right Foot58
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Thigh59
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Leg60
Indique en el diagrama de abajo las zonas donde siente entumecimiento u hormigueo (Seleccione hasta 10 zonas). Si no siente entumecimiento u hormigueo, simplemente presione el botón "Next" - Left Foot61
Por favor marque la casilla que mejor describa su MOVILIDAD hoy:
Por favor marque la casilla que mejor describa su CUIDADO PERSONAL hoy:
Por favor marque la casilla que mejor describa sus ACTIVIDADES DE TODOS LOS DÍAS (Ej.: trabajar, estudiar, hacer las tareas domésticas, actividades familiares o actividades de ocio) hoy:
Por favor marque la casilla que mejor describa su DOLOR / MALESTAR hoy:
Por favor marque la casilla que mejor describa su ANSIEDAD / DEPRESIÓN hoy:
Su salud HOY es: (Recuerde: 0 = la peor salud que pueda imaginar, 100 = la mejor salud que pueda imaginar). - Nivel de Salud
Intensidad del dolor de cuello
Cuidados personales (lavarse, vestirse, etc.)
Levantar pesos
Lectura
Dolor de cabeza
Concentrarse en algo
Trabajo y actividades habituales
Conducción de vehículos
Sueño
Actividades de ocio
Generalmente usted diría que su salud es:
¿Su salud ahora lo limita a hacer  actividades moderadas , como mover una mesa, empujar una aspiradora, jugar bolos o jugar al golf?
¿Su salud ahora lo limita al subir  varios  tramos de escaleras?
¿Durante las últimas 4 semanas, ha logrado menos de lo que le gustaría en su trabajo u otras actividades como resultado de su salud física?
¿  Durante las últimas 4 semanas  ,estuvo limitado al  tipo  de trabajo u otras actividades como resultado de su salud física?
¿Cuántas veces durante las últimas 4 semanas te has sentido tranquilo y en paz?
¿Cuántas veces durante las últimas 4 semanas tuviste mucha energía?
¿Cuántas veces durante las últimas 4 semanas te has sentido abatido y triste?
Durante las últimas cuatro semanas, ¿cuánto tiempo ha interferido su salud física o problemas emocionales con las actividades sociales (por ejemplo, visitar a amigos / familiares, etc.)?
Intensidad del dolor
Cuidado Personal (lavarse, vestirse, etc.)
Levantar pesos62
Caminar
Sentarse
Pararse
Dormir
Vida sexual
Vida social
Viajar
¿Ya ha tenido cirugía?
¿Cuánto dolor ha tenido en los últimos 6 meses?
¿Cuánto dolor ha tenido en el último mes?
Durante los últimos 6 meses, ¿cuánto tiempo estuvo muy nervioso?
Si tuviera que pasar el resto de su vida con la espalda como la tiene ahora, ¿cómo se sentiría?
¿Cuál es su nivel de actividad actual?
¿Cómo le queda la ropa?
Durante los últimos 6 meses, ¿se sintió tan bajo de moral que nada podía animarle?
¿Tiene dolor de espalda en reposo?
¿Cuál es su nivel actual de actividad laboral o escolar?
¿Cómo describiría el aspecto de su cuerpo (sin tener en cuenta el de la cara y extremidades)?
¿Toma medicamentos para su espalda? - Selected Choice
¿Toma medicamentos para su espalda? - Otros (1 a la semana o menos) - Text
¿Le limita la espalda la capacidad para realizar sus actividades habituales por casa?
Durante los últimos 6 meses, ¿cuánto tiempo se sintió calmado y tranquilo?
¿Cree que el estado de su espalda influye en sus relaciones personales?
¿Ud. o su familia tienen dificultades económicas por su espalda?
En los últimos 6 meses, ¿se ha sentido desanimado y triste?
En los últimos 3 meses, ¿cuántos días ha faltado al trabajo o al colegio debido al dolor de espalda?
¿Le dificulta la situación de su espalda salir de casa con sus amigos o su familia?
¿Se siente atractivo/a con el estado actual de su espalda?
Durante los últimos 6 meses, ¿cuánto tiempo se sintió feliz?
¿Está satisfecho con los resultados del tratamiento?
¿Aceptaría el mismo tratamiento otra vez si estuviera en la misma situación?
En una escala del 1 al 9, siendo 1 la puntuación más baja y 9 la más alta, ¿Cómo calificaría su autoimagen?
Indique cómo siente que se ve actualmente en comparación con antes de recibir el tratamiento de su espalda.
Indique cómo el tratamiento de su espalda ha cambiado sus funciones y actividades de la vida diaria.
Indique cómo el tratamiento de su espalda ha cambiado su capacidad para disfrutar de los deportes o de otras aficiones.
El tratamiento (ha) ____________ el dolor de la espalda?
Indique cómo el tratamiento de su espalda ha cambiado su confianza en sus relaciones personales con los demás.
Indique cómo el tratamiento de su espalda ha cambiado la forma en cómo lo(a) ven los demás.
Indique cómo el tratamiento de su espalda ha cambiado su autoimagen.
MRN
Date of Birth
Gender
First Name
Last Name
Date Of Birth63
Recipient ID
